doc: Update intro text (#337)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf-bm: doc/nrf-bm/index.rst

* **Repository-Level Filtering:** |BMshort| utilizes a repository-level filtering mechanism designed to include components beneficial for bare metal development.
  However, this approach is based on the best possible method available, which means that some components that are not ideally suited for bare metal applications will also be included.
  Developers should be aware of these limitations and exercise discretion when utilizing the repository.
* **Reuse of nRF Connect SDK components:** The |BMshort| solution reuses some components that do not depend on Zephyr RTOS primitives (such as modules/libraries) directly from the |NCS| repositories.

>   This includes modules like logging, crypto functionality, and smaller libraries like CRC calculation, signing scripts, and ring buffer.

Reviewer: @eivindj-nordic Then I don't understand why it says `components that **do not** depend on Zephyr`

>   This includes modules like logging, crypto functionality, and smaller libraries like CRC calculation, signing scripts, and ring buffer.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we can rewrite to "do not depend on multithreading"

>   This includes modules like logging, crypto functionality, and smaller libraries like CRC calculation, signing scripts, and ring buffer.

Reviewer 3: > The Ring Buffer is a Zephyr RTOS primitive.

To clarify, an OS primitive is intended a fundamental mechanism or service for managing concurrency, synchronization, and inter-task communication. Examples include semaphores, mutexes, message queues, the very same abstraction of threads etc.

A ring buffer is a concept that is completely independent from an OS, as such it is not a OS primitive.

> * **nrfx:** The |BMshort| solution does not use Zephyr drivers and the DTS configuration for peripherals.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **nrfx:** The |BMshort| solution does not use Zephyr drivers and the Device Tree configuration for peripherals.
```
